Take a moment now and picture the scene.
Up ahead on the path are what seem to be
Children laughing at play
In a world free of the fears we once faced.
And taking care of this beautiful earth
Are a people that live by our Father’s words:
“Until the moon is no more”—
There is the peace we have been waiting for.
We will feel His love
Under the rule of His Son
In the new world to come.
Hope is a fire in our hearts.
Hope is an anchor that holds us firm.
Hope is a light that shines like the sun
As we see ourselves there
In the new world to come.
Take a moment now and think of a place
By the mountains and rivers or wide open plains.
It’s a place to call home.
And now walking in through your front door,
There is someone that you know
Holding out his open arms in hopes
Of a tearful embrace—
Feels like forever since you’ve been face-to-face.
Even death won’t stop
Our God’s outstretched love
In the new world to come.
Hope is a fire in our hearts.
Hope is an anchor that holds us firm.
Hope is a light that shines like the sun
As we see ourselves there
In the new world to come.
And ev’ry word from His mouth
Will do all for which He sent it out.
Jehovah’s will for this earth is
Fulfilling ev’ry living things’ last wish.
Hope is a fire in our hearts.
Hope is an anchor that holds us firm.
Hope is a light that shines like the sun
As we see ourselves there
In the new world to come,
In the new world to come.